
Chanakya Neeti for Success in Life.

Don't Lose your Authenticity (Character)
Don't Go Looking for Troubles (Insulting others)
Don't Spill your Secrets to anyone
Don't be Too Honest or Ethical
Don't BeFriend an Immoral Person
Don't Give a Person Something they already have
Don't Give advice to stupid person
Don't Search for Pleasesure


1) Other than these Everything is useless.
     Everyone should achieve only 4 things and work hard for achieving only those 4.

      1) Dharma - To perform our duties with honesty nad morality

      2) Ardha - Our career, our life style, our financial security all these give us ameaning

      3) Kama - Gratification and wishes 

      4) Moksha - which means Liberation. Freedom from everything is what it means

   If we follow Dharma, Ardha,& Kama Properly we would be blessed with 'Moksha'.

   Achieving these "Dharma, Ardha,Kama, Moksha" should be a person's ultimate goal

2) Three Most Valuable Things for Long run survive: Water, Food & Good Words.

      1) Water is the most important thing for a person, it is the basis of life for every human being.So, never waste the water
      
      2) Food - No man can survive without food & water. you shouldn't waste water & more importantly food.
     
      3) Positive Words: The most valuable thing is the 'positive words' spoken by us. 

3) How to measure persons Greatness: 
   Your position, your authority, these are not your greatness. Your Character is your original Greatness.
   you will always be considered great for the good deeds done by you.

4) Four ways to Test a Man:
    Everything that shines is not Gold - so, Gold is always tested before its considered.
   1) Self-Sacrifice
   2) Conduct 
   3) Values
   4) Actions

5) Knowledge and Wealth come slowly: Maintain Consitency
6) How to Overcome Fear: care inhibits fear. take care & Alert
7) Do Not Wait for Luck: Alert & Prepare for Future
8) Why you should live in present? - Don't think about Past & Future. Live is present and do something greatly.






    



